Throughout this lesson, you'll understand methods for
establishing and maintaining the security of a network,
computing environment, and applications.
There are four sections.
First, layering protection, which is that defense in depth.
Second, identity and access control.
Knowing who can access what assets.
Patching and updating, taking care of vulnerabilities,
making sure they can't be exploited.
Last, web and e-mail security since this
is the most prominent way hackers get into systems.
The lesson's learning objectives are to explain how security defenses are layered through
different security architectures and
explaining components for identity and access control.
Who can gain access to information systems.
Determining patched levels for common systems to take care of vulnerabilities.
Describe the process and technique for plying
protection techniques like for e-mail and other ways of communicating over the Internet.